README.md, before:

# Cincinnati Graph Data

[Cincinnati][] is an update protocol designed to facilitate automatic updates.
This repository manages the Cincinnati graph for OpenShift.

## Workflow

The [contributing documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md) covers licencing and the usual Git flow.

1. Create a PR.
1. Merge the PR to master.
1. Update your local master branch.

[Cincinnati][] is configured to track the master branch, so it will automatically react to updates made to this repository.

### Schema Version

The layout of this repository is versioned via [a `version` file](version), which contains the [Semantic Version][semver] of the schema.
As a schema version, the patch level is likely to remain 0, but the minor version will be incremented if backwards-compatible features are added, and the major version will be incremented if backwards-incompatible changes are made.
Consumers, such as [Cincinnati][], who support *x.y.0* may safely consume this repository when the stated major version matches the understood *x* and the stated minor version is less than or equal to the understood *y*.
For example, a consumer that supports 1.3.0 and 2.1.0 could safely consume 1.2.0, 1.3.0, 2.0.0, 2.1.0, etc., but could not safely consume 1.4.0, 2.2.0, 3.0.0, etc.

### Release Names

Release names are used for [adding releases to channels](#add-releases-to-channels) and [blocking edges](#block-edges).
Architecture-agnostic names will apply to all images with that exact name in the `version` property of the `release-metadata` file included in the release image.
Names with [SemVer build metadata][semver-build] will apply only to releases whose exact name in the `version` property matches the release with the build metadata removed and whose referenced [image architecture][image-arch] matches the given build metadata.
For example, 4.2.14 will apply to both the amd64 and s390x release images, since those both have `4.2.14` in `version`.
And 4.2.14+amd64 would only apply to the amd64 release image.

### Add Releases To Channels

Edit the appropriate file in `channels/` (1.0.0).
For example, to add a release to candidate-4.2 you would edit [`channels/candidate-4.2.yaml`](channels/candidate-4.2.yaml).

The file contains a list of versions.
Please keep the versions in order.
And LEAVE COMMENTS if you skip a version.

#### Feeder Channels

Channel semantics, as documented [here][channel-semantics], show nodes and edges being promoted to successive channels as they prove their stability.
For example, a 4.2.z release will appear in `candidate-4.2` first.
Upon proving itself sufficiently stable in the candidate channel, it will be promoted into `fast-4.2`.
Some time after landing in `fast-4.2`, it will appear in `stable-4.2`.

_Note:_ Once we have phased release rollouts, we will drop the fast/stable distinction from this repository and promote to a unified fast/stable channel with a start time and rollout duration.
Until then, we are using fast channels to feed stable channels with a delay, just like candidate channels feed fast channels.

In this repository, the intended promotion flow is reflected by a `feeder` property in the channel declaration, since version 1.0.0.
For example, for [`channels/fast-4.2.yaml`](channels/fast-4.2.yaml):

```yaml
feeder:
  name: candidate-4.2
  errata: public
  filter: 4\.[0-9]+\.[0-9]+(.*hotfix.*|\+amd64|-s390x)?
```

which declares the intention that nodes and edges will be considered for promotion from `candidate-4.2` into `fast-4.2` after the errata becomes public.
The optional `errata` property (1.0.0) only accepts one value, `public`, and marks a public errata as sufficient, but not necessary, for promoting a feeder node.
The `filter` value (1.0.0) excludes `4.2.0-rc.5` and other releases, while allowing for `4.2.0-0.hotfix-2020-09-19-234758` and `4.2.10-s390x` and `4.2.14+amd64`.

Another example is [`channels/stable-4.2.yaml`](channels/stable-4.2.yaml):

```yaml
feeder:
  name: fast-4.2
  delay: PT48H
```

which declares the intention that nodes and edges will be considered for promotion from `fast-4.2` into `stable-4.2` after a delay of 48 hours.
The `delay` value (1.0.0) is an [ISO 8601][rfc-3339-p13] [duration][iso-8601-durations], and spending sufficient time in the feeder channel is sufficient, but not necessary, for promoting the feeder node.

If both `errata` and `delay` are set, the feeder nodes will be promoted when `delay` has elapsed or the release errata becomes public, whichever comes first.

To see recommended feeder promotions, run:

```console
$ hack/stabilization-change.py
```

##### Tombstones

Removing a node from a channel can strand existing clusters with a `VersionNotFound` error.
To avoid that, unstable nodes are left in their existing channels, but should not be promoted to additional channels.
This is reflected through entries in the optional `tombstones` property, since version 1.0.0.
For example, [`channels/candidate-4.2.yaml`](channels/candidate-4.2.yaml) has:

```yaml
tombstones:
- 4.1.18
- 4.1.20
```

declaring that, while 4.1.18 and 4.1.20 are in `candidate-4.2`, they should not be promoted to subsequent channels (in this case, `fast-4.2`).

### Block Edges

Create/edit an appropriate file in `blocked_edges/`, since version 1.0.0.

* `to` (1.0.0, required, [string][json-string]) is the release which has the existing incoming edges.
* `from` (1.0.0, required, [string][json-string]) is a regex for the previous release versions.
    If you want to require `from` to match the full version string (and not just a substring), you must include explicit `^` and `$` anchors.
    Release version strings will receive [the architecture-suffix](#release-names) before being compared to this regular expression.
* `url` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a URI documenting the blocking reason.
    For example, this could link to a bug's impact statement or knowledge-base article.
* `name` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a CamelCase reason suitable for [a `ClusterOperatorStatusCondition` `reason` property][api-reason].
* `fixedIn` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with the update-target release where the exposure was fixed, either directly, or because that target is newer than the 4.(y-1).z release where the exposure was fixed.
    This feeds risk-extension guards that require either a `fixedIn` declaration or an extension of unfixed risks to later releases to avoid shipping a release that is still exposed to a risk without declaring that risk.
* `message` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a human-oriented message describing the blocking reason, suitable for [a `ClusterOperatorStatusCondition` `message` property][api-message].
* `matchingRules` (1.1.0, optional, [array][json-array]), defining conditions for deciding which clusters have the update recommended and which do not.
    The array is ordered by decreasing precedence.
    Consumers should walk the array in order.
    For a given entry, if a condition type is unrecognized, or fails to evaluate, consumers should proceed to the next entry.
    If a condition successfully evaluates (either as a match or as an explicit does-not-match), that result is used, and no further entries should be attempted.
    If no condition can be successfully evaluated, the update should not be recommended.
    Each entry must be an [object][json-object] with at least the following property:

    * `type` (required, [string][json-string]), defining the type in [the condition type registry][cluster-condition-type-registry].
        For example, `type: PromQL` identifies the condition as [the `PromQL` type][cluster-condition-type-registry-promql].

    Additional properties for each entry are defined in [the cluster-condition type registry][cluster-condition-type-registry].

For example: to block all incoming edges to a release create a file such as `blocked-edges/4.2.11.yaml` containing:

```yaml
to: 4.2.11
from: .*
```

If you wish to block specific edges it might look like:

```yaml
to: 4.2.0-rc.5
from: ^4\.1\.(18|20)[+].*$
```

The `[+].*` portion absorbs [the architecture-suffix](#release-names) from the release name that consumers will use for comparisons.

#### Risks for managed clusters

If site reliability engineers want to declare a risk for managed clusters updating into a release:

1. Pick an impacted target release for `to`, e.g. `4.13.4`.
2. Build a regular expression for relevant source releases (which would pick up the risk by updating into `to`), e.g. `.*` for "all releases", for `from`.
3. Find (or create) a URI documenting the risk, e.g. https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024726 or similar KCS, for `url`.
4. Create a PascalCaseSlug for the risk, e.g. `MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion` for `name`.
5. Create a sentance or two summarizing the risk for `message`.

And then create a file `blocked-edges/${TO}-${NAME}.yaml`, e.g. `blocked-edges/4.13.4-MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion.yaml` with the following content:

```yaml
to: FIXME
from: FIXME
url: FIXME
name: FIXME
message: |-
  FIXME
matchingRules:
- type: PromQL
  promql:
    promql:
      group(sre:telemetry:managed_labels{sre="true"})
      or
      0 * group(cluster_version)
```

to declare that risk only for managed clusters.
See [here](blocked-edges/4.13.4-MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion.yaml) for an example where the values are filled in, although that is using different PromQL, and not the managed-cluster selecting PromQL from the above template.

If the risk applies to multiple target releases, create multiple files with different `to`.

### Signatures

Add release signatures under `signatures/{algorithm}/{digest}/signature-{number}` (1.2.0).
For example, the [`amd64` 4.12.0 is `sha256:4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18`][4.12.0-release] ([errata][4.12.0-errata]), and would have [signatures][4.12.0-signature] stored in `signatures/sha256/4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18/signature-1` (optionally with additional signatures as `signature-2`, etc.

[4.12.0-errata]: https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:7399
[4.12.0-release]: https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/amd64/clients/ocp/4.12.0/release.txt
[4.12.0-signature]: https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/signatures/openshift/release/sha256%3D4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18/signature-1
[api-message]: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/67c28690af52a69e0b8fa565916fe1b9b7f52f10/config/v1/types_cluster_operator.go#L135-L139
[api-reason]: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/67c28690af52a69e0b8fa565916fe1b9b7f52f10/config/v1/types_cluster_operator.go#L131-L133
[channel-semantics]: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/updating/updating-cluster-between-minor.html#understanding-upgrade-channels_updating-cluster-between-minor
[Cincinnati]: https://github.com/openshift/cincinnati/
[cluster-condition-type-registry]: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/update/targeted-update-edge-blocking.md#cluster-condition-type-registry
[cluster-condition-type-registry-promql]: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/update/targeted-update-edge-blocking.md#promql
[image-arch]: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blame/v1.0.1/config.md#L103
[iso-8601-durations]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations
[json-array]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-5
[json-object]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-4
[json-string]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-7
[rfc-3339-p13]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#page-13
[semver]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html
[semver-build]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html#spec-item-10

Commit message:

README: Clarify managed-cluster risk scoping
Point at the fleet-scoped OCPBUGS / UpgradeBlocker assessment process,
because we don't want managed to declare risks without having that
all-fleet assessment (even if the all-fleet assessment happens after a
managed-specific risk declaration).  If an all-fleet risk is declared,
any managed-specific risk in that space can be removed.  If an
all-fleet risk is not declared, service-delivery graph-data admins can
make their own call about what to do with a managed-specific risk.

Also point out the possibility of customer-managed admins being
confused by managed-specific risks.  For example, ca5795c373 (Adding
update risk for OPNET-479, 2024-03-08, #4903) was an ARO-specific
declaration, but the message said "clusters running on Azure with
Accelerated Networking" which nominally includes non-ARO Azure
clusters.  Some of those cluster admins asked about why the risk
wasn't matching their clusters, and it's because we saw no evidence of
non-ARO clusters being bit by the race [1].  The guidelines I'm adding
will hopefully reduce the chance of future managed-specific risk
declarations causing similar customer-managed admin confusion.

I'm also adding _id="" to the queries as a pattern to support
HyperShift and other systems that could query the cluster's data out
of a PromQL engine that stored data for multiple clusters.  More
context in 5cb2e93728 (blocked-edges/4.11.*-KeepalivedMulticastSkew:
Explicit _id="", 2023-05-09, #3591).

And I'm also adding ARO-specific PromQL.  Maybe someday ARO will join
the other managed flavors in using sre:telemetry:managed_labels, but
they haven't yet.

[1]: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OPNET-479?focusedId=24366396&page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels%3Acomment-tabpanel#comment-24366396

README.md, after:

# Cincinnati Graph Data

[Cincinnati][] is an update protocol designed to facilitate automatic updates.
This repository manages the Cincinnati graph for OpenShift.

## Workflow

The [contributing documentation](CONTRIBUTING.md) covers licencing and the usual Git flow.

1. Create a PR.
1. Merge the PR to master.
1. Update your local master branch.

[Cincinnati][] is configured to track the master branch, so it will automatically react to updates made to this repository.

### Schema Version

The layout of this repository is versioned via [a `version` file](version), which contains the [Semantic Version][semver] of the schema.
As a schema version, the patch level is likely to remain 0, but the minor version will be incremented if backwards-compatible features are added, and the major version will be incremented if backwards-incompatible changes are made.
Consumers, such as [Cincinnati][], who support *x.y.0* may safely consume this repository when the stated major version matches the understood *x* and the stated minor version is less than or equal to the understood *y*.
For example, a consumer that supports 1.3.0 and 2.1.0 could safely consume 1.2.0, 1.3.0, 2.0.0, 2.1.0, etc., but could not safely consume 1.4.0, 2.2.0, 3.0.0, etc.

### Release Names

Release names are used for [adding releases to channels](#add-releases-to-channels) and [blocking edges](#block-edges).
Architecture-agnostic names will apply to all images with that exact name in the `version` property of the `release-metadata` file included in the release image.
Names with [SemVer build metadata][semver-build] will apply only to releases whose exact name in the `version` property matches the release with the build metadata removed and whose referenced [image architecture][image-arch] matches the given build metadata.
For example, 4.2.14 will apply to both the amd64 and s390x release images, since those both have `4.2.14` in `version`.
And 4.2.14+amd64 would only apply to the amd64 release image.

### Add Releases To Channels

Edit the appropriate file in `channels/` (1.0.0).
For example, to add a release to candidate-4.2 you would edit [`channels/candidate-4.2.yaml`](channels/candidate-4.2.yaml).

The file contains a list of versions.
Please keep the versions in order.
And LEAVE COMMENTS if you skip a version.

#### Feeder Channels

Channel semantics, as documented [here][channel-semantics], show nodes and edges being promoted to successive channels as they prove their stability.
For example, a 4.2.z release will appear in `candidate-4.2` first.
Upon proving itself sufficiently stable in the candidate channel, it will be promoted into `fast-4.2`.
Some time after landing in `fast-4.2`, it will appear in `stable-4.2`.

_Note:_ Once we have phased release rollouts, we will drop the fast/stable distinction from this repository and promote to a unified fast/stable channel with a start time and rollout duration.
Until then, we are using fast channels to feed stable channels with a delay, just like candidate channels feed fast channels.

In this repository, the intended promotion flow is reflected by a `feeder` property in the channel declaration, since version 1.0.0.
For example, for [`channels/fast-4.2.yaml`](channels/fast-4.2.yaml):

```yaml
feeder:
  name: candidate-4.2
  errata: public
  filter: 4\.[0-9]+\.[0-9]+(.*hotfix.*|\+amd64|-s390x)?
```

which declares the intention that nodes and edges will be considered for promotion from `candidate-4.2` into `fast-4.2` after the errata becomes public.
The optional `errata` property (1.0.0) only accepts one value, `public`, and marks a public errata as sufficient, but not necessary, for promoting a feeder node.
The `filter` value (1.0.0) excludes `4.2.0-rc.5` and other releases, while allowing for `4.2.0-0.hotfix-2020-09-19-234758` and `4.2.10-s390x` and `4.2.14+amd64`.

Another example is [`channels/stable-4.2.yaml`](channels/stable-4.2.yaml):

```yaml
feeder:
  name: fast-4.2
  delay: PT48H
```

which declares the intention that nodes and edges will be considered for promotion from `fast-4.2` into `stable-4.2` after a delay of 48 hours.
The `delay` value (1.0.0) is an [ISO 8601][rfc-3339-p13] [duration][iso-8601-durations], and spending sufficient time in the feeder channel is sufficient, but not necessary, for promoting the feeder node.

If both `errata` and `delay` are set, the feeder nodes will be promoted when `delay` has elapsed or the release errata becomes public, whichever comes first.

To see recommended feeder promotions, run:

```console
$ hack/stabilization-change.py
```

##### Tombstones

Removing a node from a channel can strand existing clusters with a `VersionNotFound` error.
To avoid that, unstable nodes are left in their existing channels, but should not be promoted to additional channels.
This is reflected through entries in the optional `tombstones` property, since version 1.0.0.
For example, [`channels/candidate-4.2.yaml`](channels/candidate-4.2.yaml) has:

```yaml
tombstones:
- 4.1.18
- 4.1.20
```

declaring that, while 4.1.18 and 4.1.20 are in `candidate-4.2`, they should not be promoted to subsequent channels (in this case, `fast-4.2`).

### Block Edges

Create/edit an appropriate file in `blocked_edges/`, since version 1.0.0.

* `to` (1.0.0, required, [string][json-string]) is the release which has the existing incoming edges.
* `from` (1.0.0, required, [string][json-string]) is a regex for the previous release versions.
    If you want to require `from` to match the full version string (and not just a substring), you must include explicit `^` and `$` anchors.
    Release version strings will receive [the architecture-suffix](#release-names) before being compared to this regular expression.
* `url` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a URI documenting the blocking reason.
    For example, this could link to a bug's impact statement or knowledge-base article.
* `name` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a CamelCase reason suitable for [a `ClusterOperatorStatusCondition` `reason` property][api-reason].
* `fixedIn` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with the update-target release where the exposure was fixed, either directly, or because that target is newer than the 4.(y-1).z release where the exposure was fixed.
    This feeds risk-extension guards that require either a `fixedIn` declaration or an extension of unfixed risks to later releases to avoid shipping a release that is still exposed to a risk without declaring that risk.
* `message` (1.1.0, optional, [string][json-string]), with a human-oriented message describing the blocking reason, suitable for [a `ClusterOperatorStatusCondition` `message` property][api-message].
* `matchingRules` (1.1.0, optional, [array][json-array]), defining conditions for deciding which clusters have the update recommended and which do not.
    The array is ordered by decreasing precedence.
    Consumers should walk the array in order.
    For a given entry, if a condition type is unrecognized, or fails to evaluate, consumers should proceed to the next entry.
    If a condition successfully evaluates (either as a match or as an explicit does-not-match), that result is used, and no further entries should be attempted.
    If no condition can be successfully evaluated, the update should not be recommended.
    Each entry must be an [object][json-object] with at least the following property:

    * `type` (required, [string][json-string]), defining the type in [the condition type registry][cluster-condition-type-registry].
        For example, `type: PromQL` identifies the condition as [the `PromQL` type][cluster-condition-type-registry-promql].

    Additional properties for each entry are defined in [the cluster-condition type registry][cluster-condition-type-registry].

For example: to block all incoming edges to a release create a file such as `blocked-edges/4.2.11.yaml` containing:

```yaml
to: 4.2.11
from: .*
```

If you wish to block specific edges it might look like:

```yaml
to: 4.2.0-rc.5
from: ^4\.1\.(18|20)[+].*$
```

The `[+].*` portion absorbs [the architecture-suffix](#release-names) from the release name that consumers will use for comparisons.

#### Risks for managed clusters

If site reliability engineers want to declare a risk for managed clusters updating into a release:

1. For issues expected to be related to the core OpenShift payload, ensure there is [an OCPBUGS issue][OCPBUGS], opening a new issue if necessary.
2. Add the `UpgradeBlocker` label to the bug to [initiate generic risk assessment][risk-assessment].

If you want to let that process cook, you're done :).
If you want to declare your own risk in the meantime (or instead, if generic risk assessment decides the risk is not worth declaring, or that the confusion generated by a declaration outweighs the increased visibilty a declaration would deliver):

1. Pick an impacted target release for `to`, e.g. `4.13.4`.
2. Build a regular expression for relevant source releases (which would pick up the risk by updating into `to`), e.g. `.*` for "all releases", for `from`.
3. Find (or create) a URI documenting the risk, e.g. https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7024726 or similar KCS, for `url`.
    The linked document should explain that the declaration is specific to managed clusters, so customer-managed cluster administrators who hear about the declaration can easily see that it is not aimed at them.
4. Create a PascalCaseSlug for the risk, e.g. `MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion` for `name`.
    See existing names for inspiration; you want something that is unique to the issue, and unlikely to overlap with future issues.
    Again, avoid giving the impression that you are talking to customer-managed cluster administrators, e.g. `ARO...` instead of `Azure...` for a declaration aimed at the ARO fleet (one managed subset of the Azure fleet).
5. Create a sentance or two summarizing the risk for `message`.
    An English version of the PromQL filter is a good start, e.g. "All GCP OSD clusters...", and then finish with a quick summary of the impact.
    Again, avoid giving the impression that you are talking to customer-managed cluster administrators.

And then create a file `blocked-edges/${TO}-${NAME}.yaml`, e.g. `blocked-edges/4.13.4-MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion.yaml` with the following content:

```yaml
to: FIXME
from: FIXME
url: FIXME
name: FIXME
message: |-
  FIXME
matchingRules:
- type: PromQL
  promql:
    promql:
      group(sre:telemetry:managed_labels{_id="",sre="true"})
      or
      0 * group(cluster_version{_id=""})
```

to declare that risk only for managed clusters.
See [here](blocked-edges/4.13.4-MultiNetworkAttachmentsWhereaboutsVersion.yaml) for an example where the values are filled in, although that is using different PromQL, and not the managed-cluster selecting PromQL from the above template.

`sre:telemetry:managed_labels` does not exist in ARO, and in that case use:

```yaml
matchingRules:
- type: PromQL
  promql:
    promql:
      group(cluster_operator_conditions{_id="",name="aro"})
      or
      0 * group(cluster_operator_conditions{_id=""})
```

If the risk applies to multiple target releases, create multiple files with different `to`.

### Signatures

Add release signatures under `signatures/{algorithm}/{digest}/signature-{number}` (1.2.0).
For example, the [`amd64` 4.12.0 is `sha256:4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18`][4.12.0-release] ([errata][4.12.0-errata]), and would have [signatures][4.12.0-signature] stored in `signatures/sha256/4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18/signature-1` (optionally with additional signatures as `signature-2`, etc.

[4.12.0-errata]: https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2022:7399
[4.12.0-release]: https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/amd64/clients/ocp/4.12.0/release.txt
[4.12.0-signature]: https://mirror.openshift.com/pub/openshift-v4/signatures/openshift/release/sha256%3D4c5a7e26d707780be6466ddc9591865beb2e3baa5556432d23e8d57966a2dd18/signature-1
[api-message]: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/67c28690af52a69e0b8fa565916fe1b9b7f52f10/config/v1/types_cluster_operator.go#L135-L139
[api-reason]: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/67c28690af52a69e0b8fa565916fe1b9b7f52f10/config/v1/types_cluster_operator.go#L131-L133
[channel-semantics]: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.3/updating/updating-cluster-between-minor.html#understanding-upgrade-channels_updating-cluster-between-minor
[Cincinnati]: https://github.com/openshift/cincinnati/
[cluster-condition-type-registry]: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/update/targeted-update-edge-blocking.md#cluster-condition-type-registry
[cluster-condition-type-registry-promql]: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/update/targeted-update-edge-blocking.md#promql
[image-arch]: https://github.com/opencontainers/image-spec/blame/v1.0.1/config.md#L103
[iso-8601-durations]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_8601#Durations
[json-array]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-5
[json-object]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-4
[json-string]: https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8259#section-7
[OCPBUGS]: https://issues.redhat.com/projects/OCPBUGS/issues
[risk-assessment]: https://github.com/openshift/enhancements/blob/master/enhancements/update/update-blocker-lifecycle/README.md
[rfc-3339-p13]: https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc3339#page-13
[semver]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html
[semver-build]: https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html#spec-item-10
